Added octave and ucblogo. Updated the version of scala (2.8.1) and
gauche (0.9.1). Thanks KirarinSnow, gengar68, and m_satyr for these
suggestions!

Due to the big earthquake, we will have planned power outages several
times. I think this site may be down occasionally. Sorry for
inconvenience. Update: they say the power company is planning not to
stop power for my area. So, maybe this site won't be down.

Added scala, finally. Thanks for folks who suggested this language to
me.

I've just removed Just random data from the list as it seems this
problems is a copy of SPOJ's MONS and people don't like this problem
so much. Also, I made Yin Yang endless because SPOJ also has the same
challenge. Please refrain from copying problems from SPOJ.

There were two directories where we can write permanent files and one
of this was used in http://golf.shinh.org/p.rb?27c3_Generate+C . I've
already fixed the permission of this directory and removed the
entries. Thanks 27c3 guys for finding this issue!

I removed Sokoban challenge by mistake but it recovered now. Sorry for
inconvenience.

Updated the version of Perl6. Now it uses rakudo-star-2010.07.

Added dc. I also added BC_LINE_LENGTH=9999 environment variable for bc
so it can solve more problems. Thanks Carlos for these suggestions!

Added FlogScript and FerNANDo. Thanks leonid and asiekierka for the
suggestions!

Added Zsh, fish, and bc.

Sorry for confusing, but python entries for Buffalo need to be fixed.
Please wait for a while.... Fixed.

Added Clojure. Though I forgot to mention, I think this loophole was
closed two weeks ago. It seems sometimes you cannot run C# and Nemerle
programs due to this fix. Until I fix this issue, please let me know
if you notice you cannot run them on this server. Thanks John for
finding and reporting this! 2009-01-29

Updated the version info of languages.

Added user ranking, and re-organized this site.

Added LilyPond. Thanks KirarinSnow for suggesting this.

Now, you have setpid interface. You can adjust the PID without
attacking the server! The golf server was upgraded. The new system
should be faster than before.
